c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\bin\Debug\LATIHAN.exe.config
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\bin\Debug\LATIHAN.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\bin\Debug\LATIHAN.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\bin\Debug\LATIHAN.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.FR_MENU.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.FR_LOGIN.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.Resources.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.pdb
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.FR_KARYAWAN.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.FR_LAPORAN.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.FR_TENTANG.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.FR_KONEKSI.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.FR_DATA_MENU.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.TRANSAKSI.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.FR_PREVIEW.resources
D:\COPI\LATIHAN\bin\Debug\LATIHAN.exe.config
D:\COPI\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.exe
D:\COPI\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.xml
D:\COPI\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.pdb
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.FR_PENGATURAN.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.FR_ADMIN.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.fr_hakAkses.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LATIHAN\LATIHAN\obj\Debug\LATIHAN.Fr_trAdmin.resources
